So right now we're actually kind of in the middle of the pandemic. Eso
the struggles that I am encountering right now mainly have to do with
trying number one trying to teach in an online format which is not
a format that I am used. Thio. And it's honestly not a format that
I really like e really like face to face classes. So that's been a
bit that's been a big struggle for me. Um, the other struggle is my
research. My research has shut down. I can't gather data anymore. And
so it's really kind of limiting what Aiken Dio. And until we get the
all clear and we can go back, you know, I need to be interacting
with either people or with animals in order to collect my data. Um,
and until we can go back to campus, that is not gonna happen. So I'm
just kind of in limbo right now, waiting to see, um when you know waken
resume doing research and also when we can resume doing face to
face teaching